lost their Vorpal Sword.
fell into a deep depression.
was mindfucked.
met Chuck Norris and died from sheer amazement.
hated trai- * hit by train *
was forced to see the Light from Aster Phoenix's Destiny Heroes.
was spanked to  by their mother!
got stabbed in the eye with a pencil.
was ran over by Shadow Knight.
licked the ground and died.
died for Mysidia.
has some dangerous fetishes!
took on chuck norris!
just typed /die.
was found by the Nazis!
opened Patrick's secret box!
missed a Justin Bieber concert!
was nudged out of a window.
was given a bomb, and didn't hand it back.
died.
likes trains.
had to go eat cereal so they wouldn't get confused.
thought Burger King was better than Mcdonalds.
was rickroll'd!
used Explosion!
drank African Water.
was hit by Nyan Cat!
was bit by a black widow.
was mauled to  by a chihuahua.
fist pumped with Snooki...all the way to hell!
went to Mexico...and drank the water...
picked a fight with a Magikarp and could not withstand its power.
farted and poop came out.
saw Justin Bieber in the shower, and killed themself. TWICE.
made Pachy mad.
died while making love to Excadrill.
fucked with <u>The Gang.</u>
WATCHED MEATSPIN FOR  HOURS STRAIGHT.
has gone to a better place: May's bedroom.
divided by.
swallowed a toothpick and died of peritonitis.
fell beneath a snorlax and died of traumatic rhabdomyolysis.
got sucked into a darkhole.
was erased.
was kicked from the server by Titanium!
didn't wash his hands before dinner.
was eaten alive by dogs.
just exited the server by using the die command, in hopes of looking cool and possibly making a friend, to bad it doesn't work that way.
looked in the mirror..and killed themself.
divided by 0.
was haxed to  by Jirachi.
left to get a make over!
was sucked into the void.
spammed die and was muted because of it.
felt the wrath of beans.
ate shit and died.
didn't tie their shoe laces, and tripped when on an escaltaor and fell down the up one for  hours straight.
drank their own urine.
got punched by a robot.
got a chicken bone nose job!!!
was stabbed in both eyes before being tossed into a fire.
took a hardcore shit.
dropped their computer into the Ocean.
slipped on a banana peel and fell into a pit of spikes.
called Alice a man!
lost their virginity to Neku.
couldn't win in the online blinking contest!
reached down a strippers panties and felt balls!
dropped the soap.
thought they could eat glue.
shoved crayons up their anus.
went in a dark alleyway with Jerry Sandusky.
pressed the red button!
got kicked out of Disney Land.
couldn't handle the power of mark !!!
went to the bedroom with Neku.
met Swimming and caught the Faggot Disease!
thought too far into the future.
can't handle the power!
fucked with the A-Team.
divided by zero.
vomited shit.
was brutually mauled by the Hulk.
let his guard down around Ezio.
got a hug from Barney, and more.
became too Hardcore.
was aten by a rainbow refridgerator.
was sucked into their own anus.
lost to a Sunkern.
couldn't beat Pac-Man.
wasn't stronf enough to withstand the badassery of The Battle Tower.
was caught on tape having sex with a donkey.
was in a dark alley with Freddy.
was taken away by Pedobear.
made into TBT''s hoe.
was forced to watch Chas dance.
drank a bucket of milk, then realized it wasn't milk and committed suicide.
was ran over by a stampede of deers.
got ran over by a car and then struck by lightning.
saw Swimming shower.
got their ass kicked by Shadow Knight, twice!
drank out of the toilet.
ate a bunch of markers.
taken by Silver, who works for Pedobear.
was dragged into the grave by Astro Zombie.
died from a Magikarp's splash.
ended up spending their life on the toliet.
met Fenix in real life and was never heard from again.
lost a battle to themselves.
tried to teach a Scyther Fly.
ran away because their Rattata wasn't in the top percentage.
left screaming HAAAAAAAAAAX!
picked up a hooker, and later found out that they were a dickgirl.
wanted a pet, they got Pochama.
wanted to go against the Grim Reaper, he now owns another soul.
couldn't last more than  minutes in bed!
saw the other side of the moon.
ate a suspicious looking sangwich.
fell off a skyscraper and landed in a pit of spikes.
got ate by a flesh-eating demonic aligator.
didn't swallow.
couldn't lift for jack shit.
threatened Paladin.
though reborn was cool.
became a rebornian.
was decapitated by an angry mob of raging transexuals.
got lost in a maze of self-pleasure.
forgot to logout of facebook.
didn't know You Only Live Once.
was caught singing justin bieber.
was caught singing Direction.
thought Direction was cool.
heard a justin bieber song.
heard a direction song.
went to the bedroom with Emile.
was walking outside, tripped, fell and fell onto the ground. Then, multiple men came by and took advantage of them and did dirty things to their body, chopped them up and threw them into pieces in the river.
forgot to lock their doors.
didn't know [$G]Max had a vagina.
was sexually lured and killed by Ross.
thought this was a motherfucking game, and bought a justin bieber song. This motherfucker didn't survive the night.
accidently walked into their bedroom to find Aperture and Grox having sex, this was the last thing he saw.
got an anal plug stuck.
used a titanium dildo.
experimented with drugs.
experimented with sexual toys.
got their body violated by a group of sex-thirsty women.
got their body violated by a group of dick-hungry men.
explored the banyard.
had their anus sacrificed to the Booty Warrior.
had their anus taken by the Booty Warrior.
didn't pray to the Booty Warrior.
thought the Booty Warrior wasn't real, then the Booty done came up in their bedroom while they were sleeping, and ruined. that. butt.
couldn't lift like Roxas.
called Emile, 'Emilly'.
thought TUO was a guy.
experimented with drugs.
experimented with hookers.
ate a battle toad.
fell down a pit and tragically was pierced by spikes all through their body, and died like a little bitch they are.
got their neck sliced in half.
thought it was cool to play with fire.
thought it was a fucking game.
just died. Lol jk,  + sys.name(src) +  died in a fire that burned  other people.
bent over in prison.
went to take care of their family.
fucked with the mafia.
got thorns stuck in their eyeballs again.
had spikes jammed in their throat.
got tossed down a hill and into a den of hungry flesh-eating lions that tore them to bits, piece by piece.
couldn't defeat a jew.
